okay so done the video showing off you
know some of the sounds that the module
makes and I figure you know people are
going to ask what kind of sounds does it
make acoustically so go ahead and do
quick video on that kind of just give
you a better look at the kit as a whole
the roland TD 11 kV kit
it's got the full-on good sized cymbals
good feel use the whole thing instead of
just half and then just kind of give you
an idea of what the what it sounds like
acoustically for those who live in
apartments like myself you see all mesh
heads they're not very loud at all
incredibly quiet well well worth the
premium for those and then the cymbals
and see they're not much louder or solid
rubber good sturdy ones very quiet kind
of rubber and the loudest thing on any
kind of drum kit of course is the kick
bed and this weird cloth like it kind of
actually feels like kind of like a I
don't know how to describe it it's got a
different feel it's not just a solid
hard pad but here's what this sounds
like
you can see even when you go full force
on it still not very loud myself live in
an apartment nobody complains so
hopefully this can answer some questions
and you might have about this kind of
kit the noise it makes
stay tuned there's more to come